fix(bare-metal): rename RV1 page and document kernel update options (#3455)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/elastic-metal/reference-content/elastic-metal-rv1-guidelines.mdx

    ```bash
    sudo rv1 update-kernel
    ```

    <Message type="note">
    If you prefer to run a more recent Linux kernel instead of the
    vendor-provided kernel, you can append the `--tree mainline` option.

    Although we do not recommend it, you can also enable support for vector
    instructions with the `--enable-vector` flag. Be aware that this feature
    implements an unratified version of RISC-V vector instructions (RVV 0.7.1)
    which requires specific development efforts.

    For a comprehensive list of options, refer to `rv1 update-kernel --help`.
    </Message>
4. Wait for the update to complete. This step can take a few minutes.
5. Reboot the server in normal mode.

<Message type="note">

> If you're updating from kernel version `5.10.113-scw0` or lower, note that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are updating from kernel version `5.10.113-scw0` or lower, note that
```

> <Message type="note">
> If you are updating from kernel version `5.10.113-scw0` or lower, note that
> newer kernels disable vector instructions by default. Refer to the above
> documentation if you still wish to keep them enabled.
> </Message>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Message type="note">
If you are updating from kernel version `5.10.113-scw0` or lower, note that
newer kernels disable vector instructions by default. Refer to the process above if you still wish to keep them enabled.
</Message>
```
